#daily_journal
# Mind Dump
I've been having some insane sexual and romantic feelings about a girl that sits next to me in my stats class. I'm not sure if she knows if I feel that way about her, but if she does I'd be super embarrassed to find out. I don't really think she's interested in me back considering she seems super busy with life and oh my god I'm getting an erection just writing this aren't I. I don't understand why she's sooo attractive to me I just want to cry and feel bad and ashamed at myself for feeling this way but I know I can't do that.

Her ass and breasts look incredible and I don't want to stare but...fuck. I want to ask her out and be her bf. She prolly has a ton of experience in bed and omg that would be great to do with her uuggghh. I think I just have to accept these feelings for what they are and they'll get better to handle. Hopefully I'll not do something really stupid when I'm around her or smth like that. 

I don't know her very well yet, but she's good at staying focused on work which I'm pretty happy about. I can be around her and get stuff done which is really a good thing for me. I'm so glad I don't lose control and try to grope her or touch her weirdly or smth like that oml. Hopefully she'll like me back, but I doubt it cuz she prolly has a bf or a hubby or smth like that.

Do I want a relationship with her? Yes, GOD yes! Please! But, I need to be careful. I don't know about her very well yet, I gotta be careful. Maybe getting to know her a little first would be good, but nah I kinda wanna jump in and see what happens. Getting lost in the sauce, kind of like with Lia. Heh.

I'm also a little anxious of the performance today, but I'm also not cuz I'll get to play music I wanna play. Gotta make sure to end the solos tho on a good note and not take too long. If I do a ton of waiting for the notes to come out and give myself some space to play, I'll do fantastic.