# How Was Your Day Today?
My day felt very productive and also kind of scary tbh
## What Went Well?
### Movie Night
I really enjoyed hanging out with Ally, Reese, Dara, Jenny, Evren, and the other person who's name I didn't catch. The "scary movie" was fun to watch and nitpick with Dara as well. I really liked the part near the end where the killer was actually two people kind of and the fight scenes were intense and fun to watch. The romance was fairly cringy tho.

### Growing Independence
I also decided to take a massive leap today and by my own backpack for myself. I want to start being more self sufficient which involves me making more food for myself and taking better care of my hygiene and physical health too including exercise. I want to feel more independent from my parents and more self sufficient because I want to start making my own decisions for myself instead of following the decisions of my parents.

### Playing Trumpet
Playing the trumpet was also really fun because I learned a new lick that I wanna use in my solo on Sir Duke later. Transposing it wasn't super hard as it was a pentatonic lick and I really enjoy the pentatonic scale alot. That lick will work well for me in the future.

### Processing Emotions
Thinking about Lia was really hard and kind of painful today, but I'm glad I did. I'm slowly unravelling how I truly felt about her and how I felt about the breakup. I feel happy and sad thinking about the good times we had together, but I guess it wasn't enough for Lia. I don't know what else I could have really done other than suffer more and wait for something new to come. I wanted to feel like myself, but maybe I wasn't able to under her pressure and expectations of me. I don't feel like a failure for not meeting those expectations, but for not voicing my concerns about them earlier. That's something I need to prepare for in the next relationship. I'll be ready next time.

### Cooking
I helped mom cook today which felt amazing. Finally starting to make my own food and feed myself

### Restarting The Journal
I'm finally restarting the journal today. Super happy about that! (I wrote this one the day after on the 10th but that's an ok start). I hope I can keep this up
## What Didn't Go So Well?

### Programming
Programming felt really hard and confusing today. I only spent an hour fixing a little bug on a project I didn't really feel passionate about at all tbh. Ultimate tic tac toe is something I already made before, and seeing it inside a terminal is kind of disappointing to me. I'd love to be able to attach a GUI to the whole thing and to make it a lot better of an experience for me instead of it just feeling like I'm catching up on school homework that I assigned to myself. I feel like I'm good at programming and excelling should be easy for me, but it's not easy for me to do that. I feel like I'm sort of a failure for not really taking those cs20 notes to heart and utilizing them to the best of my ability you know?

### Too Much Youtube
I also feel bad about how much time I'm spending on Youtube. I could be exercising, cooking, playing trumpet, spending time with family, or coding, but instead I'm spending my valuable time on this silly app and struggling to get off of it. I've learned a lot about mental health, history, and science on Youtube, and I don't want to remove it from my life entirely, but I'd like to make more of my life about creating things than consuming things I guess. Overall I want to make that change in my life soon so I can feel a little more acceptable in the world and not just feel like an entitled brat who doesn't try as hard as he needs to and ends up embarrassing himself. I guess I got that from Lia a little bit huh

### Not Getting Exercise
I didn't even go on a walk today which was super frustrating. I wish I had because I'm starting to feel old and slow which needs to be fixed soon. I'll see how much exercise I end up getting tho. 