#daily_journal
# How Was Your Day Today?
Today felt not very good tbh
## What Went Well?
### Trumpet
I played a little bit of trumpet today which was a decent way to keep my practice up. I struggled to play even a few notes today, but I'm glad I did play, even for a minute, because then I could do it again tomorrow, or even on Monday. Who knows what I can do until I try my best to put in the work.

### Playing With The Terminal & Neovim
I did play a little bit with my terminal today and I have to say I'm excited to try out light mode to program in. I'm excited to give it a try because I want to see if it's as stressful for me as programming in dark mode. I'll have to see how it goes, but hopefully I can write some more code soon.

### Organizing a Hangout With The Bois
I finally texted Christian after so long and got a time to hangout with him, Chad, and Luke. I feel really great about that and I'm super excited for next weekend when we'll get to hangout as a group. It's been a little while and I miss those guys.

### Hanging Out With Family
Dad's birthday dinner went really well. I had a lot of fun seeing them and being around them that it was a nice distraction from my ever-present youtube addiction/dependence. I'm glad that took me away from those reigns and that I could see my family. I'm glad that happened today.

### Writing The Journal
Writing this has been starting to help me highlight the good things that I'm doing in my day while also acknowledging the bad in a really healthy and productive way. I really think this is going to produce meaningful and powerful results for me in the future, and I'm super excited to write even more stuff in this thing so I can grow and improve as a person.
## What Didn't Go So Well?
### Not Doing Homework / Studying / Internship Paperwork
I feel ashamed that I put off my Anthropology homework for the weekend anyway, and not getting it done today definitely stung pretty bad. I also feel really bad that I didn't study at all for CS4 which the test is on Wednesday, and that makes me feel really silly. I'm so embarrassed and sad about that. I'll try again next time. Even the paperwork I need to do for the LLNL internship is due soon, so I need to get started, but I was really scared and intimidated and didn't do it. This is really bad news considering I want to go there, and I don't feel scared of being rejected. Maybe I'm scared of being accepted and not doing a good enough job for them to feel like they would accept my work. Maybe I have extreme imposter syndrome issues I need to work through. 

### Too Much Youtube
I watched wayy too much youtube again today. I'm really starting to get angry at myself for constantly watching and watching and not getting the stuff done that I need to get done, that It's limiting my choices in life severely. I'll need to take drastic action soon to try to get my life back in order, because this is getting ridiculous. Something needs to be done soon, or I'm gonna start failing my classes and becoming more of a burden to everyone around me. I need to change. I do feel like I'm not super aware of the problem, so this requires some meditation.

### Not Getting Exercise
I thought one of the core pillars of my life was to maintain physical health. We'll unfortunately I'm not living up to my own expectations. This is such a disgrace, 30 minutes of my day going out on a walk should not be difficult, but it apparently is. I'm gonna try really hard tomorrow to get the walk in that I need to get in in order to attempt to be more healthy. Otherwise I'm only gonna feel worse and worse every day, and that will come back to bite me in the future.

### Trumpet 
I didn't play as much as I wanted to today. Two hours would have been invaluable practice time, but instead I spent that watching youtube and wasting my time. Tomorrow is my lesson, so I can address many of the concerns I have about my playing with my teacher, and maybe those concerns can be worked on, but for now, I need to keep pushing myself to play and improve my breathing/technique as a whole. Soon I'll return to my previous glory and surpass it, but I need to put in the work and try my best to do it.

### Not Enough Brain Rest/Avoiding My Fears
I'm not allowing my mind to calm down and relax. I'm always being stimulated again and again and that's a big problem. Maybe there's something that I'm trying to avoid by being so stimulated. Oh I know what it is, ==the work I should actually be doing==. I'm not allowing myself to do the work because I'm scared, and I'm using youtube and other stimulants to cope with that fear. We'll it will soon be time to address that fear, and tomorrow is the day to start work on that. 
