#daily_journal 
# How Was Your Day Today?
Today was fairly productive and healthy. I'm cutting myself some slack on the not so well because I did do a ton of good stuff today
## What Went Well?
### Finishing Homework
I was able to finish my anthropology homework today. I felt a little concerned that not a lot of the content in the quiz was in the book or the videos, but I'm sure the professor will cover that on Tuesday. We will see how it goes from here. I didn't finish my English or Music homework, but I can do those things tomorrow anyway.

### Attempting To Manage Youtube
I finally put some restrictions in place for myself so youtube isn't going to be an all encompassing force in my life. I'm super happy with myself for finally making this a prominent issue in my life and taking stress to address it. I will have healthier habits going forward, I'm sure of it.

### Studying
I did take a little bit of time today to study for my CS4 midterm on Wednesday which I'm pretty proud of myself for doing that. I hope the test goes well, and considering I was able to recall a large amount of the stuff with only a little bit of it going over my head, that I feel more and more confident that I'm going to do well. Especially considering there isn't any python programming.

### Learning About My Fear
I watched some videos today about what my life's fear is really like and took some notes on that. The video was incredible and it really opened my eyes to some new ideas about how life works and what I can do to manage my own fears and insecurities. I'll definitely need to watch that youtube channel even more to learn more about myself and to take my life to the next level. It was really interesting that I was afraid of my own potential and my own cowardice really shined through much of my life. I'm starting to accept that reality, and now my mind is in overdrive with things I can do now. It's really incredible.

### Trumpet Lesson
The trumpet lesson today went really well. I've learned a cool 2-5-1 lick that I'd wanna figure out in more keys at some point. I'd like to start taking my trumpeting to the next level too, I don't feel super good about it right now, but I have some new heights I can reach with the instrument and Improve even further. I'm super excited to see what comes next with the instrument and what I can do better with it.

### Writing The Survey
Taking some time today to attempt to write the survey was awesome. It was really hard to come up with anything good, and I feel like what I came up with was really shit, but I'm glad I made the effort to come up with it at all. I'm super proud of myself for starting the assignment as soon as I did in my calendar. I'm super happy I managed to write any ideas for it into the software at all. I'm really excited to try more things with it in the future. Hopefully it will turn out to be a really good tool to help the Class-Web fix project grow even more, but we will see how that goes.

### Exercise
I went out walking today which felt really really good. I'm super glad I did it and took the time to take care of myself a little more. I'll definitely keep trying to do that in the future and later on as well. I do have a ton of intrinsic motivation I guess to keep doing this stuff since I'm writing it all down, and hopefully I can keep the walking up for a long time.

### Journal
I've made a quality of life change by adding a #daily_journal tag into the template file for the journals. Now in graph view I can see all of my journal entries with a green tag. It's gonna be awesome to soon see how many Journals I've made in a month or too with this new system. It's really working out for me in a way that I like. I've also noticed that my typing speed has been getting better and better as I have kept writing things down. Maybe I'm just so excited to write all of this stuff down that it makes me spin up and just spam out as many letters as I possibly can. After 700 words I'm still going this feels amazing!

### Programming
I really like the switch to light mode for programming for me. I feel a ton less stressed out by it, and it feels like I actually want to solve some hard problems on LeetCode. It's gonna be interesting to see if I can keep up with that stuff considering the amount of new things I'm trying to do at the same time, but maybe I can do it, and that would be amazing to see.

### Eating Better
I've packed food for tomorrow's lunch and I've actually eaten leftovers from the fridge today. I'm really happy that I'm doing so well at this now and that I feel like I'm satisfied with food and not malnourished. Hopefully I'll continue trying to eat as much as I can and hopefully I can try new foods out as well soon. Getting over the pickiness is going to be a challenge, but I can get through it all the same. 
## What Didn't Go So Well?
### Not Working On My Resume
I probably should have spent a little bit of time today considering my resume for LLNL and working on that a little bit, but I'll cut myself some slack as I did a lot of stuff today.

### Not Help As Much With Dishes
I can definitely spend a little bit of time helping with the dishes. Five minutes is not that big of a deal, I can do better with that. No problem.

### Laundry
The dryer is still a little broken, but I wish I could've completed my laundry.

### Not Getting A Haircut
I do need to get a haircut soon, and I should probably plan that out in the calendar. It's starting to become a small mess and it's time to get it done again.

### Not Planning The Week
I probably should have planned my week for next week, but I don't really know what's going on next week, so It's hard for me to plan it all out. I should definitely invest more time into my calendar thought and try to utilize it much more. It will most likely keep me productive and efficient enough. Again, I did a lot today tho, so I'm cutting myself some slack