#daily_journal 
# How Was Your Day Today?
Today felt fairly productive, but I didn't quite get as much done as I wanted to
## What Went Well?
### Exercise
I went on a one and a half hour walk with mom and dad today which was really nice. I enjoyed the walking and talking and socializing with people I wanted to be around. It's time I did more of that throughout my day, and maybe I will do that more tomorrow. Overall, this was a big win

### Studying For CS Exam
I did a lot of studying for CS in class today, which is really helpful. I'm more prepared for the exam on Wednesday and not feeling nearly as worried about it. It's gonna be a good test that day. Hopefully I can get more done tomorrow but I doubt I'll have the time or energy to do so. Hopefully I will.

### Trumpet
I picked up the trumpet and played it today while watching StarCraft youtube videos. I'm glad I was able to pick it up and play it for a while, but maybe I need some more motivation to go out and practice it for a couple of hours. It took a lot of effort for me to really pick it up, so I could possibly exert even more to that cause as well.

### Tutoring
Tutoring went pretty well today. I helped a large variety of people, and I got to say hi to some cool people over there. Really exciting stuff. Hopefully The tutoring appointments will be just as exciting, but I will see when that time comes.

### Emotional Processing
I took some valuable time this morning to process some deep feelings I was having about Lia. That really helped me get through those troubling emotions and I felt a fair amount better about it by sitting through and experiencing them first hand, rather than shying away and feeling bad. I faced my fears today, and I felt very powerful.

### Relaxing
I gave myself a nice break in-between my day today at around 3:40-5:00. That was a really nice time to take a good break from the day and I felt very refreshed and ready to take on the rest of the challenges I needed to take on for the day. Maybe I can spend that time exercising, but I don't think that's necessary. I'm glad I gave myself some time to relax and enjoy youtube for a while. I felt as if I earned that break. Going for over 5 hours of work with a 15-30 minute break in between was pretty tiring, and the break I had felt earned.

### Journal
I'm keeping up with the journal today which feels pretty good. I'm glad I'm able to keep up with it for now, as writing all of this stuff down has really helped me feel like I'm doing the right things in life and prioritizing my life better and better.

## What Didn't Go So Well?
### Not Getting School Work Done
I felt like today I didn't quite get enough of what I wanted out of it. I was dissatisfied with my level of work that I did give when it came to studying and school work. I think the time I did spend exercising and relaxing and processing mental health were all good things to do, but the school work was the last thing I just couldn't quite fit in. Maybe I need to be a little more flexible with my working hours so I can cram in those final few things. Maybe allowing myself to wake up really early in the morning to take my shower and eat some breakfast will help me through my day. Maybe.

### Not Feeling Relaxed Enough
I feel pretty tired as of today and I wanna watch more youtube, but I burned most of my time doing that in the morning, which was really silly to do. I could've gotten some crucial school work done during that time that I now have to do tomorrow. Super annoying, but what can you do sometimes right?

### Not Using The Morning Enough
I could have really used the morning time to do a lot of awesome stuff, but I watched youtube and waited in bed instead of getting up, showering, shaving, and getting started with my day. Tomorrow morning if I have that opportunity to take, I must take it.

### Not Using The Calendar More
I need to figure out a system to better get me into using my calendar. I'm not quite sure how to do that yet, but maybe having some time to plan out my week will be invaluable. I could look up some tips on how to plan out my weeks and how to make room for things in the calendar to strictly follow. Perhaps taking it much more seriously will help me through as well. Giving me some time to take action I suppose. I hope that I can do it more