#daily_journal 
# How Was Your Day Today?
It was long and hard but I made it through
## What Went Well?
### Chatted With Some Cute Girls
I saw this one girl in the tutoring center and thought she was really cute with her nice flannel. Maybe at some point I could ask her out and see what she thinks about a date. Who knows it might be fun. She's the president of the physics club. I also ran into someone else I haven't seen in a while and she said she liked the way I looked and I felt a teeny tiny butterfly in my stomach, which was a nice feeling. I smiled a lot probably then. We went on a decent walk together.

### Planned To See A Solar Eclipse
There's gonna be a solar eclipse on Saturday morning that I'm gonna go see. Hopefully it'll be fun, but we'll see if I feel any good after my shots on Friday. I really hope I can go to that.

### Took A Nice Break
I took a big break in the middle of the day today which felt really really really good. It got me through the rest of the day which was hard and kind of stressful. From 11:30-2:30 ish so a three ish hour siesta with a little bit of attempted work in between. That was a nice way to relax and rest for the whole day. I guess I did about 9-10 hours of actual work then. Incredible

### Got Most Of The Work I Wanted Finished
I completed most of my goals today from studying for the CS exam tomorrow to finishing the English reading to finishing the music thing on time. I went to all my classes and finished stats as well. Really good job on my end. I'm almost proud of myself for the amount of work I was able to do.

### Journal
I'm doing my journal no matter what today. It felt difficult to do this time around, but I'm staying committed to it and trying my absolute best to do it. Hopefully I can keep going with it more and more as the days go by. It's really helping me through a bunch of pain and giving my life much more clarity. I'm soo happy to be doing this. Not as big as some other ones but I'm feeling really tired and I want to just relax for a while.
## What Didn't Go So Well?
### Socializing With Rafaela's Group
Seemed like everyone was really busy with their work instead of being social and I felt a little bummed out. Maybe on Thursday I won't really hang out with them and I'll look if there are some other people around to say hi to. Overall felt like a waste of time to just sit around and eat lunch while they were grinding. 

### Long Day
I spent over 13 hours on campus today. That is a lot of time. I perhaps should've gone home in the middle of the day after I finished stats for a nice break from school, and that would've chunked out things nicely, but then I wouldn't have socialized with those cute girls from earlier. Anyway. Today was really really long and I hope my Tuesdays don't turn into slug fests.

### Waking Up Super Early
I didn't like the fact that I woke up around 7 this morning. I wish I woke up much later, but there's not much I can do about that. Hopefully tomorrow I'll wake up around 8 like I would like to. I want to get a good amount of sleep.