#daily_journal 
# How Was Your Day Today?
Today was pretty fun and many feels were had
## What Went Well?
### The Talk With The LLNL People
I got to see a bunch of people there, including Josh, Chad, Haseeb, Kayla, Carrie, and Alessandra (the girl that I'm liking). It was fun to talk with the two people who presented even thought I may have been interrupting past their time to go, but that's ok they probably didn't mind too much. Overall the talk was a little mid. They didn't go into too much of the tech stuff, but I guess that's ok considering a bunch of the people knew absolutely nothing about computer science as a whole. Overall I had a lot of fun just being around people today. 

### Got A Little Bit Of Work Done
I read a story and finished a little bit of anthropology today which was really nice. I'm glad I was able to get something done at least without getting distracted by other people LOL. It was fun to read the first story and appreciate it as well. I'm really excited to see what happens next with that. 

### Hung Out With Alessandra
She seems really cool and likes to read all of those weird physics equations to try and understand them at a deeper level which really impressed me. Plus she's really cute. Reminds me of Lia in a lot of ways. She has a really similar height and build which is like 🥵 to me. I'm a little nervous to ask her out, but we'll see how it goes and hopefully it works out for me.

## What Didn't Go So Well?
### Didn't Get All The Work I Wanted To Get Done
I feel a little upset that I didn't zone in and complete two of the stories today, but that's ok considering I spent a bunch of time hanging out with friends and other people too. Perhaps I'll feel better tomorrow when I lock in and focus on the work ahead of me instead of letting myself get distracted. 

### Not Enough Exercise
I didn't go on that long of a walk which I feel bad about. I want to go on more walks and improve my physical health, but I need to grind for it a little bit. I've definitely fallen off after Tuesday and I should take some time in my day to rest and chill out a little more too. 

### Journal
I didn't write the Journal entry yesterday. I guess I was really knocked out, but that's ok. I'll keep trying to write them down, but I guess I haven't had as much to say in them as I usually would huh. Perhaps this will take some more time to adjust to as a habit IDK. I'd love it to stick tho.