#daily_journal 
# How Was Your Day Today?
Today was pretty fun
## What Went Well?
### Seeing Doug
I haven't seen him in a little while and it was nice to say hi. He had some killer pizza tonight which was delicious. Glad He could come around

### Crushing Over Alondra
Yea I think I've got a crush. I'll want to talk with her about these feelings at some point soon otherwise they're gonna get overwhelming and I'm gonna start crumbling under the pressure. I know why I'm crushing so hard and it's fun to feel it ngl. I'm enjoying it very much atm. heh.
Hopefully it won't be so bad once I ask her out. I feel like I have a chance, but who knows right.

### Starting Work On The 3D Printer
That thing looks really cool. I wonder how it's gonna actually print stuff out. I love how the guy is writing it in open source too. Really cool

### Got English Done / Read Banger Story
I read a banger story today which made me have a ton of amazing feelings. I didn't like the ending but everything else was really cool and I liked how the author used all the elements of fiction to their advantage and shit. Loved it

### Solved Hard Programming LeetCode Problem
I'm glad I took the time to solve that problem today. It was really rewarding to get 0ms on time which was funny as I don't know how that happened at all. Turning numbers into English words is a cool problem and I liked solving it. I'm surprised none of the solutions I saw used a HashMap, but oh well.
## What Didn't Go So Well?
### Didn't Get Anthropology Done
Must've not been really focused on getting that done but I could've finished that off today. Oh well I guess I can do it tomorrow or something like that. Who knows tho. It'll probably get done soon

### Didn't Go On Walk
I'll prolly do that tomorrow or something. We'll see how that goes.