#daily_journal 
# How Was Your Day Today?
Today felt both bad and good, and I loved it very much.
## What Went Well?
### Watched A Bunch Of Mental Health Videos
I saw a bunch of cool vids by Dr K today. They were really fun to listen to. One video told me that my emotions exist but aren't in the real world. Another one told me that I don't need to worry about desire, and I just need to go out and try doing stuff to find what I would want to do. Trying stuff comes before desire. Really cool things were being mentioned and I'm in a state of just that was cool.

### Went To The Library To Work
I actually drove somewhere, sat down, and spent some concentrated time doing work that I needed to do. That was an incredible feeling that I want to have again. I'm very much enjoying that feeling. It's really cool that I just decided to do that. I'm gonna do that more often to try and zone in to finish my work that I need to get done that week.

### The Backpack Comes Tomorrow
I'm really excited to see my new backpack when it arrives. I'm gonna organize all my stuff inside there and I'm gonna move my music stuff into my other bag. This is gonna be super cool and it's my first step towards being more independent from my parents, which I feel is a long time coming.

### Feeling Detached
I feel detached from myself for one of the first times in my life. It feels really good to not worry about my emotions. It feels good to accept how I'm feeling for the current moment and start actually addressing my problems instead of shying away from them like a coward. I'm glad to be doing that. Let's keep going in this direction. I feel happy when I think of Alondra, I feel sad when I think of work. Lol ok nice work makes me sad. Hi sad how are you doing. That kind of mindset. Oh Alessandra makes me feel joy, cool, hi joy how are you doing today. Feels fun to just say those things you know. I like feeling.

### Trumpet Lesson
The trumpet lesson went well today. I'm glad that I got some info on how to play pop trumpet more effectively. It was definitely a weird way to play the instrument for me, but I could definitely learn how to do it and I'll be a better musician for it. It's gonna be awesome.

### Hanging Out With Friends
It was really cool to see friends yesterday. I didn't write that journal so I'll note it here. It was a really good time. I enjoyed seeing Chad, Christian, & Luke. They are awesome people. I'd love to see them again. 

## What Didn't Go So Well?
### Not Getting Writing Done
Not a big deal that I didn't get it done, but I would've liked to get it done. Even so, my workload is very manageable and I feel good for the amount that I'm doing.

### Worrying About The Stats Test
It's probably not gonna be a big deal, but I still have a little reservations about it. Overall I feel ok since my grade in the class is soo good as of right now. Either way I'm probably fine.

### Dreading Monday
I don't feel good about going to school or work tomorrow. It's probably gonna be tiring. Oh well, the day will come and it will go and we'll see how much work I actually get done. I see that I'm feeling a little scared to see Alessandra again, and that feels good honestly. I kinda like just feeling that way without being intimidated I guess.