#daily_journal 
# How Was Your Day Today?
Today was quite productive and enjoyable
## What Went Well?
### Tutoring
I tutored a bunch of people today which was really nice. Doing stats with a bunch of randoms was cool and I enjoyed just being around them. I felt like I supported many of the students, and maybe I got some new tutors on board as well which is really fun.

### New Backpack
I'm really glad that the new backpack came in today. I was able to get everything I wanted to fit inside the bag (with a little finagling) which I'm super happy about. I can finally get my entire workflow inside one bag. It's gonna be interesting to see how this will work out in the future as it's really nice as of right now. Hopefully this thing will last me for a long time and I can use it for future events as well, not just for school, but for maybe travelling the world, having a field day, stuff like that. It's gonna be an awesome time.

### Dealing With Stressful Emotions
I saw Lia earlier today and I didn't just panic and go crazy, but I enjoyed the distress and panic I was in. That was fucking weird LOL. I need to do that with my anger and with my passion too, as it will really help me out in the future to manage my emotions. As Chad told me, planting seeds. It will come eventually. Either way, I'm doing very well with that and I hope to be doing even better in the future.

## What Didn't Go So Well?

### Trumpet
I wish I had gotten to practice trumpet today, it kinda sucks, but it is what it is right. Hopefully I'll get some practice in on Wednesday.

### Missing Alessandra
It does suck that I don't get to see her as often as I'd like to, but what can I really do other than that. I'm not gonna get her discord or anything like that and start messaging her out of the blue. Unless she doesn't mind then I can start to. It will be really fun to see if I get rejected by her or not lol.