#daily_journal 
# How Was Your Day Today?
Today overall was hard and fun as well
## What Went Well?
### Seeing Friends
I got to walk around with Chad today which was really fun and that walk was very enjoyable to do. I enjoyed seeing Carrie again and hanging out with her, Josh, and Katie. Hanging out with Carrie after music practice was fun too. I enjoyed seeing that one dude who's name I don't remember from anthropology which was pretty cool. I'm glad I was able to see those people again. No Alessandra (I think I'm spelling her name wrong, but oh well), but that will come sooner or later I'm sure of it.

### Getting Stats Work Done
I'm super happy I decided to do the stats lab and finish it really quickly. I got annoyed that I didn't print out the lab on the first try, but that's ok as I got it done eventually.

### Playing In Combo
Someone new showed up today that hasn't played with us before. He is practicing under Mario, which motivates me to try to practice hard again. I want to get back into it, but I'm going to give up social time to do that, which sucks, but I guess it is what it is right. Oh well. I had a blast playing with those guys.

## What Didn't Go So Well?
### Getting Angry At Traffic
I got really upset at the traffic on the way to work today which makes me wonder about how I will handle stressful situations in the future. This is not something that I should allow myself to do without me thinking about it. I gotta spend some time building more awareness of myself. I need to make that time for myself. I need to I need to I need to.

### Not Abusing the Calendar
It's so hard to follow the calendar tbh. I really struggle with keeping up with it's deadlines and all that bullshit man. I need to figure out how to make this work for myself. Somehow I need to get in more time to do the things that I need to do. It's gonna be a challenge but I can do it. I'm gonna keep trying to do it.